fix legacy use of words. (#119)
myclabs/php-enum: README.md

As you can see, static methods are automatically implemented to provide quick access to an enum value.

> One advantage over using class constants is to be able to use enum as a paramter type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One advantage over using class constants is to be able to use an enum as a parameter type:
```
